Add support for filters, sorters and limits to `HoverTool` (#14484)
bokeh/bokeh: docs/bokeh/source/docs/user_guide/interaction/tools.rst

limit the number of entries that will be presented to the user. These operations
should be familiar to any users of SQL (``where``, ``order_by`` and ``limit``
clauses respectively) or similar tools.

Filtering can be accomplished by providing via ``filters`` property a ``CustomJS``
function or a sequence of ``CustomJS`` functions per field. Such function are
given access to all relevant information regarding the currently processed data
point, and must return a boolean value. Returning a value of any other type will
be ignored and is equivalent to returning ``true``. An example of a simple filter
function is as follows:

.. code::

    filter = """
        export default (args, tool, {value: x, row, index, field, data_source, vars}) => {
            return x >= 0
        }
    """
    HoverTool(filters={"@x": CustomJS(args={}, code=filter)})

where:

* ``value`` contains the value of the currently processed data point
* ``row`` contains values for all fields for the current index
* ``index`` is the current linear index, image index or ``null``
* ``field`` is the currently processed field name
* ``data_source`` is the currently processed data source

> * ``vars`` is a collection special variables

Reviewer: Unclear what these are, also small edit:

```suggestion
* ``vars`` is a collection of special variables
```

Sorting can be accomplished via ``sort_by`` property, by either providing

> a single field name or a sequence of field names. Additionally in the sequence
> form, sort order can can be provided as either a string enum ``"ascending"``

Reviewer: > Additionally in the sequence form

Not sure this reads well, maybe:

```suggestion
a single field name or a sequence of field names. When using a sequence, 
the sort order can optionally be provided as either a string enum ``"ascending"``
```

or ``"descending"``, or an integer enum ``1``, ``-1`` respectively.

.. code::

    HoverTool(sort_by=["@x", ("@y", "descending")])

Finally a limit can be applied via ``limit`` property, by providing a
non-negative integer that establishes a hard cap on the number of entries

> showed at one time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shown at one time.
```

.. code::

    HoverTool(limit=3)

Of course all three properties can be used simultaneously. Currently there is
no support for any kind of feedback to the end user regarding how many entries
were discarded or how many entries were actually hit. Neither there is any

> support for aggregating data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
were discarded or how many entries were actually hit. Neither is there
support for aggregating data.
```
